Source: Rate My Professors — Jiang Li, Computer Science, Howard University
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2323879
Type: rmp

Professor Jiang Li, Computer Science, Howard University. Overall quality 1.6 out of 5 based on 25 ratings. 16 percent would take again. Level of difficulty 4.7.

Review of Professor Jiang Li, course CSCI 201, May 23, 2026. Quality 2.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, grade A, textbook yes. He spends time going through concepts but expects too much from students. Assignments were unrealistic in load and very time-consuming. Exams, assignments, and projects were submitted through an old website he had, causing many errors and difficulties getting questions right. Better to take a different professor for this one. Tags: tough grader, lots of homework.

Review of Professor Jiang Li, course CSCI 201, May 4, 2026. Quality 1.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, grade D+, textbook N/A. Do not take this class if you love your life. He will drain you and drain your GPA. He does not care about his students at all, and there is no opportunity for extra credit. He decides on a whim if you cheated on a project and makes you interview for a grade on a project. Take the other professor. Wait as long as you need to take another professor. Tags: tough grader, graded by few things.

Review of Professor Jiang Li, course CSCI 201, April 14, 2026. Quality 1.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, textbook N/A. One of the worst professors I have ever had. He does not teach or explain anything in depth. When asked to clarify, he will not, because students should just get it and it is easy. He refuses to work with students, ridicules you if you do not understand, and will accuse you of cheating on projects if you do not have his level of understanding. Tags: tough grader, lots of homework, lecture heavy.

Review of Professor Jiang Li, course CSCI 201, March 26, 2026. Quality 1.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, grade drop/withdrawal, textbook N/A. Please avoid this professor at all costs. Homework is worth more than the exams. He does not cover anything presented in the homework or exams during his lectures. Projects are difficult, and he does not teach you how to do them. Lectures are long and boring, and he expects you to participate despite not teaching you anything. Tags: tough grader, lecture heavy, graded by few things.

Review of Professor Jiang Li, course CSCI 453, December 8, 2025. Quality 1.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory. Li is literally the worst teacher I have ever had at Howard. Do not take any of his classes. He is trying to fail me in an intro class for a mistake that he made. Tags: tough grader, beware of pop quizzes.
