Source: Rate My Professors — Noha Hazzazi, Computer Science, Howard University
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2418869
Type: rmp

Professor Noha Hazzazi, Computer Science, Howard University. Overall quality 3.9 out of 5 based on 14 ratings. 72 percent would take again. Level of difficulty 3.6.

Review of Professor Noha Hazzazi, course CSCI 120, November 15, 2024. Quality 4.0. Difficulty 2.0. Attendance mandatory, would take again, textbook N/A. This class felt like a waste of time, but I do not know who to blame because I think Hazzazi did the best she could. It was a bunch of guest speakers over and over and then one big project. It felt like the CS equivalent of freshman seminar. Attendance is mandatory and pop quizzes are frequent. Tags: group projects, beware of pop quizzes.

Review of Professor Noha Hazzazi, course CSCI 135, May 15, 2023. Quality 2.0. Difficulty 4.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, grade C, textbook yes. Take note that students saying she is amazing have Bs and Cs. Do not take her if you care about your grade. Labs and assignments were fine, but she barely prepared students for her exams, which were on topics she barely focused on. She only cares about coding in class and assignments, then exams were based on the most random textbook principles. Tags: test heavy, graded by few things, accessible outside class.

Review of Professor Noha Hazzazi, course CSCI 354, January 10, 2022. Quality 5.0. Difficulty 3.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, would take again, grade C+, textbook yes. I learned a lot from this class. Some students did not want to come to class and constantly asked for extensions, then complained that they did not understand the material, while Dr. Hazzazi was always available. Every time I reached out she was very helpful. She is very fair. Tags: gives good feedback, respected, lots of homework.

Review of Professor Noha Hazzazi, course 90899, December 18, 2021. Quality 1.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, would not take again, textbook no, online class. Show up to class. They taught nothing all semester. It was guest speaker after guest speaker, but they would throw in pop quizzes out of nowhere. They teach you nothing but expect you to do hard projects. Skip class and you will not pass. Tags: group projects, beware of pop quizzes.

Review of Professor Noha Hazzazi, course CSCI 354, November 8, 2021. Quality 5.0. Difficulty 5.0. For credit, attendance mandatory, would take again, grade B, textbook yes. I learned from this class, but you have to do your work. Cheat and you will get a zero. Very fair, and I would take another class with Dr. Hazzazi. Tags: accessible outside class, inspirational, clear grading criteria.
